Add _info / _facts module related notes (#169)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_checklist.md

- [ ] adheres to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/)
- [ ] follows [licensing rules](https://github.com/ansible-collections/overview/blob/main/collection_requirements.rst#licensing)
- [ ] follows the [Ansible documentation standards](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html) and the [style guide](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/style_guide/index.html#style-guide)

> - [ ] follows [development conventions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_best_practices.html); besides the other requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] follows [development conventions](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_best_practices.html); as well as these other requirements:
```

>   - [ ] modules that only gather information are named `<something>_info` or `<something>_facts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ ] modules that only gather information are named `<something>_info`
  - [] modules that only return `ansible_facts` are named `<something>_facts`
```

>   - [ ] modules do not return information using the `state` option values

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - [ ] modules do not allow to query information using specific the `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`)
```

>   - [ ] modules do not allow to query information using specific `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] modules do not query information using specific `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`)
```

Reviewer 3: Hmm, modules themselves almost always query stuff. This is more about using the module. I think @abadger's suggestion below is more precise.

>   - [ ] modules do not allow to query information using specific `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - [ ] other modules must not allow querying information using specific `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`).  These features should be moved to `<something>_info` or `<something>_fact` modules.
```

>   - [ ] modules do not allow to query information using specific the `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  - [ ] modules do not allow to query information using specific `state` option values, or similar mechanisms (like `state=get` or `state=query`)
```

Author: @aminvakil committed, thanks!
